corrected link syntax (#4738)
magento/devdocs: extensions/amazon-sales/index.md

      composer require magento/services-connector:~1.0.3
      ```

>     - Enter your [authentication keys](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/install-gde/prereq/connect-auth.html). Your public key is your username; your private key is your password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Enter your [authentication keys]({{ site.baseurl }}/guides/v{{ site.version }}/install-gde/prereq/connect-auth.html). Your public key is your username; your private key is your password.
```
changed the link to always point to the latest version of the topic
